everybody welcome to the official
company square finish line for the
Boston Marathon Jimmy Fund walk the 2013
edition presented once again for the
eleventh year in a row by Hyundai Motor
American i just want to say thank you to
each and every one of you out there and
congratulations on the 25th anniversary
of the Boston Marathon Jimmy fun walk
sponsored by Hyundai you all have been
amazing look fabulous I've been here
since the beginning we started with a
hundred 667 walkers we raised a little
over 160 thousand dollars fast forward
25 years we've had three 3200 teams walk
on the course over the years and as Tom
said we've raised over 90 million
dollars which is incredible I want to
begin by adding my thanks and the thanks
of everyone who works at dana-farber and
all of our patients and their loved ones
for what you did today we're taking the
time putting in the effort making the
walk meeting new friends raising funds
for us so that we can meet our mission
of outstanding clinical care today and
research that will bring us far better
treatments and cures tomorrow
and I can tell you that since 1989 when
this walk was initiated and only about
forty five to fifty percent of those
patients would complete their journey
successfully and survive their cancer
that that number now has gone up by well
over fifty percent and that progress is
only possible because of the kinds of
research and clinical care that you have
made possible so thank you so very very
much for helping us have a wonderful day
today and giving us a much brighter look
on what we can do in the future to
conquer cancer well good afternoon
runners walkers and shoulders you did it
you cross the finish line I love coming
to the Boston Marathon Jimmy fun long as
I like to say it is the day that Hyundai
hope on wheels turns into hope on feet
as I watched everyone crossing the
finish line I couldn't think I couldn't
help but think about my own race to
cross the finish line I am so grateful
to the Boston Marathon Jimmy for the
wall Hyundai hope on wheels into all the
walkers who ran for kids like me today
you are the hope that helps us win as
well thank you dr. burns on behalf of
Hyundai dealers across the United States
of America and your local Boston area
hyundai dealers and new england dealers
we'd like to make a total donation to
the cause for five hundred and twenty
six thousand and five hundred dollars